The guys work in this lecture.
They're going to display the card item.
So it's a prize.
Okay.
Then it has to do this.
We're going to need to go back to our visa code and then the provider directory and then the card provider
PHI.
Okay.
And now we can then use control and beat in order to make this right.
Now we're going to create a function for this.
We can just create this function over here so we have access to the.
Hot.
Okay, now via.
We can give some space.
Okay.
This is going to be data type of double and we can see it gets.
We're going to call this total.
So to.
Can you just call this sort?
Amounts.
Okay.
Grids.
Now, first of all.
Look, I think we're.
We already done it.
Okay?
There's a lot of rights.
We have already calculate the total rights.
What?
We are simply doing this.
We created a function called still timeout.
And first of all, we are saying today is equal to zero.
Right.
That's means we don't have any products.
Okay.
The way we are looking over each item that is over, each product that is this Gucci oversize and this
t shirt, t shirt of our size.
Right.
So we can simply just get rid of this since we already have it.
Okay.
Now we can just use consciousness to see.
Now, in order to have access to this.
So timeouts are going to first need to have access to the costs provider.
Class.
Right.
So I'm gonna go back to where we have this.
Okay.
That's going to be the.
Carts Item writes.
I think I tell him, and now we can then use control.
And that's when we decide, okay.
I think we are both in the.
Okay.
Sorry.
There's going to be the cots.
Korean.
That's all we have.
That bottom --.
Okay.
Cuts.
Cut screen.
Okay.
There's the wire.
We can then use control and be.
Okay.
I think we other.
Yeah.
Okay.
And.
This is it, right?
So we can get rid of this and use this this in order to assess the variable so they can see it on the
scorecards provider.
Right.
Then there's going to be darts.
Two timeouts.
Okay.
Now use control and s to save.
But you can see now what we can do is we can.
Get rid of this long number, we can say that's still.
String first we can then pass into that as we want to.
None of us.
Only.
Look, you can see if there is and then watch is going to be Syria but now we currently have two you
can see.
Okay, great.
What we can then do is we can add the dollar sign and at least a dollar sign.
We're going to give his back.
Slash and then dollar.
Okay.
Great.
As do I think we need for the subject to write.
It should be at.
It should be the first.
So what we can do and do is we can go to.
Go to.
Okay.
I think we have it via.
So.
Okay.
I think we have that within the cards, Ethan.
I am sorry.
Which category at the end?
With the card.
Card item.
Okay.
There's a conveyor.
We can.
So to tell.
Okay.
So.
I think we had it all.
But for some reasons, I don't have it.
Okay.
It is going to be.
Probably mystically delighted or if you don't have it in your you can know how this is going to be cut.
So.
Okay, cuts triggered dirt.
So I think where they have it is where we saw total.
Okay.
There's a substantive difference.
I don't know.
Four of them mystically delighted.
You can see the case control, Steve.
Okay.
Now we can then have the dollar sign.
You can add it all.
There is the backslash.
And then.
Okay.
Now this art.
Okay, you can see you can see everything is going.
Okay.
We can as well.
Well.
And.
The again.
Okay.
Okay, great.
Now, if for any reason you are confused, please do well to let me know.
So I'm going to try my best in order to explain very much for you.
If you have an issue with the code, probably your code is not running as mine.
You can let me know.
Or if you are finding issues with Alicia, probably you amidu is taking, uploading and make sure you
can as well to let me know when to change it immediately.
Okay.
So I think this is basically all for the cards.
Right.
Okay.